Right now, when you create an order
your cart just becomes empty.
What I'd like to do is just transition the user
to a page that shows their actual order.
So, let's do that.
Let's make the page that has the order
and then we'll override the query
to actually pull all the details of the order.
So we're gonna go, not to our components folder
but to our pages folder,
and make it lowercase order.js.
Lets just open sell.js.
Take all the code from there.
Paste it into order.js.
And we don't need to create item.
Inside here, let's just take paragraph.
This is a single order.
Good.
Let's rename this from sell to order.
Now what we want to do is flip back to our Takemymoney.js.
And we'll go up to our ontoken,
which is where we are working with the order right here.
And if you scroll to the top you'll see that we imported
the router, we imported nprogress, and we'd be able
to use those two things inside of here to change the page.
So, we're going to go with the last line
here and say, router.push.
The pathname is going to be, /order
and the query is going to be,
the ID is going to be order.data.createorder.ID.
That's how we know were going to push over to that ID.
The other thing I want to do is up here,
we're going to call nprogress.start.
And what that will do is, there's this kind of like
this in-between that we have here when you check out.
As soon as we hit submit
the thing will go over to stripe
and come back with a stripe token and then this will close.
However, we still have another step which is,
we need to take that token and send it to the
server side and then come back with that result.
So there's a sort of like dead area in-between
and right now we're not showing the user that any sort
of interface is changing.
So, the way we can solve that is we simply
just call nprogress.start,
and now I think when we check out,
I'm just going to give it a refresh.
Triple check that everything is queued up properly.
We should see the little red progress meter start
right about now, there we go.
Now it's on the back end, so about coming back
and there we go.
The response came back and we go to this order
and we pass along the order ID.
Let's triple check that we can access
that order ID inside of our order.js.
Props.query.ID.
There we go, now we have the ID.
So, next step is we're gonna take this ID,
pass it down to some other component
and then do the query for that specific order.
Let's create a new component called, order.js.
So go under our components folder, make a new file,
capital O, Order.js.
Then go back to our order.js page and we'll import
that order.js component.
Let's hop real quick into order.js
and make that component.
Let's write the prop type right away.
I often forget to write the prop type.
Import prop types from prop dash types.
We're looking for an ID
and that's going to be a string.
And let's just go in here and give ourselves a paragraph
that says, order ID this .props.ID.
And go back into order.js and swap it out
and we'll pass the id along which is, props.query.ID.
Duplicate that declaration, I always do this.
I make the page the same name as the imported component.
So well call it Order Page.
There we go, now we see the order page is rendering.
We render out the order component,
pass down the ID of that via props.
Next we need to import just a couple more things.
So let's import query.
We're going to need that to query
the current order from react apollo.
We're going to need a format function
from this thing called date functions, date fns.
It's kind of like moment js,
but it does all of the new things
that you want in terms of tree shaking
and being functional and whatnot,
so it's a pretty nifty little library.
We want to Import head from next head.
That's going to allow us to change the title
which we've done in the past.
Import gql from graphql tag.
We're going to import our formatMoney function,
import our error component,
and import our OrderStyles,
which comes from our styles directory.
So let's flip over to the back-end
and open up our schema.
Going to go down to our query.
Say we need an order query.
That takes an ID with a type of an ID
and it's going to return an order.
And that is not required 'cause it's possible
that there is no order found, so we will leave that off.
Then we'll open up our mutation.
Actually no not mutational, we open up our query.js
and write the resolver for that specific one.
So go down here async,
order, parent,
args, ctx and info.
Need to do a couple thing inside of here.
First, make sure they are logged in.
Two, we're going to query the current order.
Three, we're going to check if they have the permissions
to see this order.
And then finally, four, return the order if all goes right.
First, if there's no contacts that request
the user ID, throw second query,
the current order,
so const order ctx.db.query.order.
We just have to say where the ID is equal to the args.id.
'Cause it's going to be passed in.
And we do need to put in await in front of that
and triple check that we've marked this function as a sync.
Good, we also need to pass in the info here 'cause
that's how we're going to define what fields
we're pulling that's coming in from the client's side.
Three, check if they have permission to see this order.
So I'm going to make some bullions like we did last time.
So it's, const ownsOrder;
say, order.user.ID
is equal to ctx.request.user ID.
So that will check it if they own it or not.
And we'll make another bullion here.
We'll say, const has permission
to see order.
It's going to take the current user,
so contacts that request that user.permissions.
That includes,
I'm just going to check if they have admin privileges
to be able to see that order.
Then here we'll say, if they don't own the order
or they don't has permission to see the order,
then we'll throw in a new error,
you can't see this budd.
And finally return the order so it's, return order.
I think that's in good shape.
Nice little query that we wrote.
Let's flip back to our client side: yellow
and write the query up here.
Const single order query
is equal to gql.
Well make the query.
Takes an ID, type of ID.
Then runs against a server order, we pass that ID.
And from that we're gonna need a whole bunch of fields.
We need the ID, the charge,
the total, the created at.
We need the user of that order and their ID.
Then we need the items inside of that order
and for each of the items, we need the ID,
the title, the description,
the price, the image, and the quantity.
Then we'll take a little query component.
Wrap it around here.
The query is obviously gonna be the one that we just wrote.
Single order query.
The variables can be passed here.
It's really just the ID which comes in from this .props.ID.
And then we can expose that order down here
via an arrow function.
And use a bracket here.
'Cause we wanna say, if there is an error,
return error.
And I'm just going to duplicate that if it's loading,
return paragraph, loading,
and then otherwise we are going to
return this div down here.
Oh, I'm getting an error.
Cannot query field createdAt on type of order.
So we're asking for createdAt,
but it's telling us that that order doesn't have that field.
And I think I lied to you.
Let's jump into our back-end.
Earlier I told you we don't actually need to pass these two
fields right here, createdAt and updatedAt
and I think that's a lie.
So Prizmo will create these automatically for you,
but it will not, I guess, surface or expose
them to you unless you explicitly put them
in your data model so I don't think that's an issue,
I think we can just add them and still pull that data
even though we've already created these orders.
I'm just adding createdAt and updatedAt to my order types.
And if you need dates for anything else,
just add those to those types as well.
Let's go and try to run deploy against that.
Done, run mpm, run dev again.
Refresh this page, this page works fine.
I'm just gonna triple check that the data
is actually showing up.
So if we go to our order here.
Just to console log the data.
Let's open up our console here.
Go to refresh.
And there we go, there's our order.
And here we go, there's a created ad field.
So yeah, no sweat.
You just add it to your actual data model
and then re-deploy that and that will be able to show us
the date, when the order was created,
that's fairly important information
for things like eCommerce.
Now it's just a templating problem from here on out.
We just get to put the data on the page,
which is kind of fun.
So I'm just going to say
const order is equal to data.order.
And then we'll go here and I'll place that div
with the order styles.
Inside of that we want a head tag.
Capital H head.
That's the head that we imported from next.
The reason why we want that is 'cause we want to change
the title, so let's say, Sick Fit's Order
and we'll put the order.ID in the title,
then it should show up here, oh, a bit of an issue.
Order styles didn't auto-complete it for me.
There you go, you see the order ID showing up
in your browsers title tag.
That's great, that's a side effect.
And that's the way we could change things that are outside
of our control in React.
Then we simply just need a couple of different paragraphs.
Let's take the first paragraph
and around each one let's wrap a span.
So order ID and the actual ID.
Oh, uh, oh, then well give ourselves another paragraph.
Span, charge.
Span.
Order.charge.
Duplicate that.
Change it to date and then inside of here,
we normally just say order.createdAt,
and that will just spit out a time stamp
but that's not very useful to a user
to actually read that.
So what we can do is just wrap it in our format tag.
And the second argument to format is the time stamp
that we want to format it out.
So well say, month, month, month, month,
day, year, year, year, year,
lower case H, colon, mm, capital A.
And all of these, if you look at the documentation,
I think these are the same as php as well.
There's probably some sort of international standard
for them that will give us all of thing.
Here at 2:13 I don't think that A is right.
I just did that about 20 minutes ago.
That should be PM, August 236.
I don't think that's right.
Oh, I had that same bug on our podcast website as well.
It goes to lowercase D, there we go.
August 24, 20188 at 2:13, and I think this may
be a lowercase A, yeah, there we go.
Lowercase D and lowercase A, not capitals.
That seems to have changed in a recent version
of this date functions library.
That's good, we can show the order total as well.
I'm just going to take another one of these,
duplicate it, move it down here.
So, order.total.
Again, that's gonna show us in cents, so what do we do?
Wrap it in our format.
Money function that we wrote.
(whistles) Looking good!
Then we'll say, item count.
Order.items.length.
Oh, we don't need to format that as money.
One item in that one, very good.
Now we are going to loop over all of the items
that were in that, so we'll give ourselves
a div with a class of items with an S.
Inside of that, we'll need to loop over all the order items.
So we'll say, order.items.map.
We'll take the item
and do an implicit return here.
Give yourself a class of order-item
and this is at a point it might make sense
to make this as a separate component,
just 'cause when you start writing enough
of this templating in here,
maybe each order item should be its own component.
I'm going to keep it in here but feel free
to move it out into a separate component.
You should probably put a key on that before it starts
yelling at us, 'cause its happened enough.
So let's say, order., or no, item.ID,
then we'll need an image tag.
That is in item.image.
And item.title.
Got a token somewhere.
Ta-ta-da, what did I do?
Oh, I deleted one of my parenthesis here.
See the image popping up, good.
Then we'll give another div down here
with a class of item details.
That will have an h2.
Item.title.
We'll put the quantity that they bought,
and we'll say how much each one was.
We'll put a subtotal on there.
Put the subtotal on there just in case
they'd have ordered multiple of something.
Then finally underneath, we'll put the item description.
Beautiful and we'd see one of those for every single item
that is in our cart.
So that is a singular order item showing up.
Pretty straightforward.
You just pull all the data from the database.
You write a resolver in your queries on the server side
and then you just template out all of the data.
In this case, it's a lot of data
to template out on the thing.
Next, what we're gonna do is go make a code
up the Orders Page that has every single thing
that we have ordered and then that will allow us
to click through and get to this page,
where we can view specific information
about each individual order.